enhancements/installer/component-selection: Clarify cluster-bot testing (#1315)
openshift/enhancements: enhancements/installer/component-selection.md

### Test Plan

The following subsections describe some scenarios where we want to test cluster behavior to avoid regressions.

#### Whole-cluster testing

The following subsections excercise the cluster-version operator, the conditionality of components, and whether the remaining enabled components still form a working cluster.
They should be run periodically, because changes to the CVO, conditional components, or remaining enabled components could all affect success.

##### No-capabilities testing

Install a cluster with the various add-on components excluded and confirm that the cluster is functional but only running the expected add-ons.
This will necessitate disabling or modifying tests that depend on the disabled component(s).

When introducing a new capability would introduce test-case failures, it is the responsibility of the team driving the new capability to address the issue.
For example, they may [teach an origin test-case to reduce expectations in the face of a disabled capability][bump-origin].
Or they may [adjust][bump-auth-1] [another component][bump-auth-2] to help it gracefully handle the new capability's absence.

> When a component change or test-suite change breaks this test, it is the responsibility of the team that made the breaking change to address the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a future a component change or test-suite change breaks this test(i.e. introduces or changes a test such that testing on no-capabilities clusters now fails), it is the responsibility of the team that made the breaking change to address the issue.
```

Author: picked up with bd37a642 -> be5dff1b, which also adds a space before your opening paren.
